v0.2.2
Improve rockspec to create a rock, so that it could be easilly downloaded. WIP
Add support for SysVinit systems. not possible yet( needs a SysVinit supported OS.. Devuan ASCII )
Create a new backend API, to be used for SysFs,pwm,i2c,1wire sensor readings, and writings. WIP



v0.2.1 master
Maintenence point version.. WIP
Deprecate Completly, the profiles used for Fan behaviour. WIP
Update /etc/ats.conf with changes made acordingly on profiles.. WIP
Activate Fan 1st stage only inside active envelop, reported by Luke. WIP

v0.2.0 - release
Add option for 'allways on' - DONE
Add structures, and funcionality to C backend, optimize them - Done( around 10.04us/Per_CPU_second or 0.001% CPU time )
Clean all Lua FrontEnd, turn it more reable. Done
Create config File /etc/ats.conf - DONE( it will be further improved in next versions, and a new backedn API will be designed designed  )


v0.1.8 - release
bump ats version to 1.8.0. DONE
drop external dependencies on Rockspec... DONE( Dependencies are dealt with in Compile Time...OK!! )
drop variable detection on /etc/luarocks/config.lua...
	its now done on Compile Time.

Add version string switch, to the project. DONE

Rewrite a portion of the code, that would simplify the workflow of looping process, profiles selection etc.
	performance gains now around 18us/second  DONE
rename sleep.so.0.1 to ats and bump version to 0.2, add function to check for symLinks. Done
Code Refactoring - Change project name from fanctl to ATS - Active Thermal Service. DONE
fanctl rename to 'ats'- Active Thermal Service - DONE
improve start/stop trigger points. DONE ( done particularly on 40-60°C, 2 new trigger zones, 3 profiles{ profile1, profile2, profile3 } )
Create 3 profiles for small and taller fans, with one point of configuration.
	It will then be easier to adjust fan power, speed,vibrations..
	Initial 3 targets{ 10mm tall, 20 mm tall fans, and bigger one }. Done PARTIALY ( Done on 40-60°C, PWM,Quiet and Run values are equal on all profiles outside that range.. )
Add  " --test | -t " option, so that it would be possible, to get CPU,GPU temps, PWM issued, and ATS state, on terminal. DONE( needs better implementation..but works ok )
improve makefile, to stop systemd service, compile/install shared library, enable service,
	and start it after install process, remove if exists older versions, better detect target TRIPLET - DONE( systemd OK, not yet for SysVinit :( ... )
Improove README, to reflect project status, also restructure its content. DONE

v0.1.6 - released
Start/Stop trip points. - DONE
improve makefile, to do the work needed on systemd service, and install process, including creating new symlinks, which lead to do not have broken links.. - DONE
Create initial rockspec, so that it will be easier to download/compile/install from master...in one simple command. DONE

v0.1.5 - released
Simplify the looping process code, speed it up.. DONE
Change Curve response, adjust it do be calculated before, the looping process start, will improove speed amd less resources used..DONE
Improve Makefile 'all' target.DONE
Improve Makefile 'install' target.DONE
Improve Makefile 'clean' target.DONE
Add Target 'purge' to Makefile( to remove the code after installation, used with manual instalation...git clone method.. ), see README. DONE

v0.1.4 - released
rewrite all parts were fork+exec were taking place, and use new Library module code. DONE
add Shalid library module in C language for sleeping operations. DONE
Create makefile, so that fanctl will be sleeping, triggering a preemptive exit of program, and freeing CPU for other tasks. DONE.
improve fanctl, so that it will only update values of diferent ones required. DONE.
( ... ). Done.
